README.md, before:

# methionine
A food nutrient database for methionine and cysteine content, based on Filemaker

Research shows that dietary methionine restriction inhibits growth of some cancers, and in experimental animals can increase healthy longevity.
Methionine, an amino acid and protein building block, tends to be found at high concentrations in animal-based foods.
Conversely, fruits and vegetables have low methionine concentrations. It has even been proposed that the health benefits of a vegan diet may be due to its inherently low methionine content, given that animal proteins are avoided.

To aid those who wish to reduce the methionine content of their diet, I've adapted the information provided in the USDA Nutrient Database, into an easy to use Filemaker database.
The database requires that Filemaker Go, version 13, be installed on your iOS device (iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch. Filemaker Go 13 is free at the Apple App Store.

In your web browser on your iOS device, touch the filename USDASR27methionine_v2.fmp12. In the page that opens, touch the "view the full file." After the file finishes downloading, open it in FileMaker Go 13.

Touch the "?" icon at the upper right to go to a help screen.

Commit message:

Update README.MD to refer to v3, which adds glycine data.

README.md, after:

# methionine
A food nutrient database for methionine, glycine, and cysteine content, based on Filemaker

Research shows that dietary methionine restriction inhibits growth of some cancers, and in experimental animals can increase healthy longevity.
Methionine, an amino acid and protein building block, tends to be found at high concentrations in animal-based foods.
Conversely, fruits and vegetables have low methionine concentrations. It has even been proposed that the health benefits of a vegan diet may be due to its inherently low methionine content, given that animal proteins are avoided.

To aid those who wish to reduce the methionine content of their diet, I've adapted the information provided in the USDA Nutrient Database, into an easy to use Filemaker database.
The database requires that Filemaker Go, version 13, be installed on your iOS device (iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch. Filemaker Go 13 is free at the Apple App Store.

In your web browser on your iOS device, touch the filename USDASR27methionine_v3.fmp12. In the page that opens, touch the "view the full file." After the file finishes downloading, open it in FileMaker Go 13.

Touch the "?" icon at the upper right to go to a help screen.

v2 is an older file, for methionine and cysteine data only.
